Yeah, so yes, so first of all, I just wanted to just to check your full name and your date of birth for me please. Well, my name is Tanbeh Khosain and my date of birth is 5th November 2003. Okay, thank you. And what course are you studying? I have applied for BSc honours in computer science. Okay, that's fine, thank you. Okay, so let me just going to go do a little run through. So if would you be able to, are you alone in the room? Yes, I am alone in my room. Okay, would you be able to just show me around the room? Okay. Yeah, if you just put your camera around. Ah, here it is. Is this okay? Yes, yes, just, yeah, if you just go around, yeah. Yeah, that's fine. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, so I appreciate your time today to speaking with me. So the interview will be conducted as part of the university's precast process. So during the precast process, we perform various checks to ensure that applicants meet all the visa requirements before getting the CAS. So these checks include reviewing financial evidence, supporting documents and assessing your general needs to studying on the course. And this interview is part of the checks, okay? Okay. So the interview will be about to approximately 15 to 20 minutes. So you shouldn't not be using any notes during the interview. We will ask that you provide detailed answers to the questions. And I'll be taking notes as you speak. So please speak clearly and just bear with me if I keep repeating myself. It's just that because I'm writing some notes down. So if you have any questions before the interview or at the end, please feel free to ask, okay? Yes, okay. Yeah. So just start off. How are you today? Are you okay? Yes, I'm fine. What about you? Yes, I'm good. Thanks. Thank you for asking. So the first question is at LSBU, we have many societies you could join. How do you usually like to spend your free time? Well, I love to pass my leisure time with gossiping with my friends and playing cricket. I love to play cricket in my school life. I played cricket very much. And I was the captain in my cricket internal Premier League in school. And if I get any chance to play in LSBU sports club or sports centre, then I will obviously join this team and I will pass my leisure time by those kind of activities. Okay, thank you. Have you studied in the UK before? No, this is my first time I am applying for. Okay, that's fine. Could you give me just a summary of your previous studies in your home country? Well, sorry, yeah. Your previous studies in your home country, yeah. Okay, well, previously I have completed my higher secondary certificate in 2021 from Meepu College and I got 4.50 from Science Background. There I have studied physics, chemistry, information, communication and technology. Okay, hello. Yes, that's fine. Yeah, sorry, I'm just writing down. Thank you, that's fine. So my next question is, when did you finish your last study? So when did you finish? Well, as I said before, I have completed my high secondary school certificate in May, high secondary school certificate in December 2021. Okay. Okay, that's fine. My next question is, what course have you applied for? I have applied for BSE honours in computer science. Okay. Could you give me just some specific details about the course at LSBU? Any specific modules in the course that made you choose us? Well, in London South Bank University, I have to complete some modules in first year, which is fundamentals of computer science, fundamentals of software development, discrete mathematics, professional practice, data structure and algorithm, requirements analysis and UCD. And all of those are very interesting modules, but among of them, fundamentals of software developing seems much interesting. And it will be my favorite one. And by this module, I can learn the fundamentals of computer programming, covering variables, areas, data types, algorithms, conditional and interactive code, use of the functions. And I can also learn how to write simple programs, making use of a contemporary programming language and the professional and developer environment development. This assessment is 100% possible. Okay. Thank you. So the next question is, why did you choose LSBU compared to any other university? Well, there are many popular universities in the United Kingdom for higher studies, but I chose London South Bank University. This is my undisputed choice and one of the main reason of choosing London South Bank University is its reputation for providing high quality education and in the field of computer science. The university has a strong focus on practical learning. And the another reason is the ranking of the university. London South Bank University ranked 801,000 in the Queer to World Ranking, 301 to 350 by the cancer education, 116 in complete university, a complete university guide ranking in 2023, and 96 ranking in the Guardian University ranking in 2023. And there are also, there are lots of reasons of choosing London South Bank University as for the tuition fees. Tition fee and London South Bank University tuition fee is not as high as comparing to any other universities in the United Kingdom. And the facilities of London South Bank University are much attractive than any other university. So after considering all these things, I have similarly determined to choose the London South Bank University. Okay, thank you very much. So my next question is, what do you plan to do once you finish your studies at LSBU? Okay, after completing this, in computer science from the London South Bank University, I will come back to my own country. And I want to join as a software developer in a reputable company in Bangladesh, like Grammint Phone Limited, Robiakon, and I want to join as a software developer in a reputable company in Bangladesh like Grammint Phone Limited, Robiakon Digital Limited, and Square Pharmaceuticals Limited, where I can earn a competitive salary from 1.5 lakh PDT per month. And I will use my education, and I will use my education and practical experience to gain the necessary skills for success. And I plan to keep my learning by attending workshops, training programs and industry conferences. As I gained more experience, I hope to take on a role in leadership role like project manager or software architect and contribute to the growth of the technology in the technology sector in Bangladesh. Additionally, I am determined to contribute to my community to be back to my community by volunteering and supporting local initiatives that improve computer literacy and access to technology. Okay, thank you. So the next question is, do you know how much your tuition fees are? My tuition fee is £15,900 per year. Okay. And do you know how much money you will need whilst you are studying in London for your living costs? Would you be able to just provide me with an idea of your budget? You will need, you know, for like your food or expenses? Okay, well, according to the UKVI website, in the inner London, the living cost will be £1334 per month and in the year which will be £12,900. If I break it down by individually for my accommodation for transportation and then which will be in my accommodation I need to £600 to £700 for a month and the food cost will be, can be £200 for the transportation, can be £100 and my living, my stationery boost, my educational expenses can be £50 per month and my £100 or £50 for my entertainment to visit some new places to try some new foods or anything which will be £100 and for my mobile recharge it can be £70. So if I calculate all of these expenses it can be £13 to £1400 per month. Okay, thank you. Hello. Yes, sorry, I'm just still writing. Thank you, that's fine. Okay, I was just thinking there is an internet connection. Oh, no, no, no, it's fine, no, it's okay. I'm just still writing. So the next question is, how do you plan to fund or pay for the studies? Well, my father is sponsoring for my studies so I do not have any plans. My father will be on all of the living expenses. Okay. And are you ready to provide proof with that? Yes. You are? Okay, just to check, that's all. Next question is, what job do your parents do? What's their income? Are you planning to help fund for your studies? Sorry, but your voice is breaking. Oh, can you hear me now? Yes. Yes, so what I was saying is, what job do your parents do? And what's their income? Okay, well, my father is sponsoring me for my higher studies and my mother is a housewife, so my father will funding me for all of my expenses and my father is a businessman and he has a lead workshop in our local area. From this workshop, he can earn three to four like BTG per month and he owns two houses. He owns two houses and from those he earns three like BTG per month. In a month, he can earn average five to six blocks of BTG per month. If I convert and in a year, he earns 60 to 70. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.